Q1.Create an XML file for Employee consisting of Emp_no, Emp_Name, Age, Designation, Salary, Department. Enter at least 10 records.

Q2.Create a Basic calculator with +, -,*,/ operations using jQuery events and methods. Take A and B input in Textbox and display the Answer on a label. 

Q3.Create an HTML Registration form with all basic fields and perform validation using jQuery Events and Effects. Also display proper validation messages in red colour and green colour Hint: (Use blur(), focus().hover(),click(),keypress(),on()methods)

Q4.Perform the following: 
1. Find the total width of an element (including width, padding, and border) in jQuery

2. Restricts "number"-only input for textboxes including decimal points.

3. Change the button text using jQuery. 4. Remove all CSS classes using jQuery

5. Select value from JSON object using jQuery. 

6. Add the list elements within unordered list elements using jQuery.

7. Delete all table rows except first one using jQuery. 

8. Get the selected value and currently selected text of a dropdown box using jQuery. 

9. Demonstrate speed parameter (duration) in slide-up and slide-down 

10. Hide and show student information using jQuery on single button click

Q5.Create a "E-Commerce website for Electronics" using the following technologies:

1. HTML and CSS

2. JQuery and JavaScript

3. JSON

Use these technologies wherever required.
a. Create a Registration page (Perform all validation using jQuery)

b. Create a JSON file for all product catalogue (includes ProductName, Price, Image) 

c. Display the product catalogue in HTML using jQuery by fetching data from JSON.

d. Create Product Ordering page where the user can select products to purchase and perform necessary validation 


Q6.Display the customer information using the JSON object.

   (use the JSON array with Java Script)

Q7.Write a node.js program to read a employee.txt file line by line.

Q8.Write a node.js program that create the student.txt file and perform the following

operation.

1. Open a file

2. Write in file 3. Read from the file

4. Append the file

5 Update the file

6 Delete the file
